oh hi guys welcome back to my youtube
channel yes
another Halloween makeup tutorial this
time again is just makeup we're not
gonna use any special effects
we had some stitch-up kind of fat around
the mouth and around their forehead with
a really intense black eye so if you
want to see how I do this look just keep
watching so we're gonna start by plan on
pal foundation all over his skin all
over the eyelids on the lips also you
can apply on the neck if you showing it
and then we're gonna move right away
today I'm gonna take this black jumbo
pencil but you can apply cream eyeshadow
or with a black hole and I'm gonna blend
it really nicely creating a big area
smooth out on the edges like I am a
smokey eye this is going to be our base
so make sure you have a nice blend out
unified effect and then we're gonna
start creating and intensified finish
and then a star applying a black matte
eyeshadow all over the base we create it
and blend it really nicely on the edges
and to help yourself to blend the edges
take a brown matte eyeshadow this
brownie will help us to really integrate
the blender out effect smokey eye effect
and once we have a nice blend out we're
gonna use a flesh tone matte eyeshadow
to even further out these blend and
integration into your skin right away
I'm going to move to their brows I'm
going to use a exactly same brown
eyeshadow to create these intense eye
brows and I'm going to create a more
straight ahead type of shape to create a
little bit more like a horror intense
look
in right away we're gonna move to start
creating this digit of fact I'm gonna
take that 12 flash color palette by
makeup forever and I'm gonna take the
white and start creating the base or
where the stitch is going to be this
will help us to create the volume effect
later on now I'm gonna take the black
and a sec creating the lines of the
wounds fill in some areas like we will
be open wounds just in some areas not
all over it because we want to just
specific intent effects take the brown
from the same palette when you're only
having him in the start line on the open
areas the open wounds areas the thicker
part to create some volume we will also
add a little bit in inner part of the
mouth and then we're gonna move to the
red and they start playing like a little
bit more bloody effect on the open areas
winds thicker ports and also some
touches on the thinner sports now back
to the black we're gonna start creating
the basis of our stitches so we're gonna
create dots in either side of the skin
wounds and we're gonna do it in the Sun
level but we can twist it around a
little bit the stitches to create a
little more I'll fold down stitches and
stuff like that we're gonna connect the
dots creating a curved line to create
more 3d effect and now you're gonna see
if you have if we have create a little
more felt our front twist around type of
stitches look a little more natural once
we have this done then I go back to the
brown and start creating the most
important part of this makeup which is
the volume start applying this Brown
between the stitches and never getting
too close to the line of the wound so as
you can see we have some kind of white
area around the wound and the stitches
and then it comes to brown which we will
really blend out into like a more
integrated area that will give us a very
very realistic 3d volume effect and to
the stitches and into this type of part
of the slash
as you can see these effect it actually
makes a difference so make sure you take
your time to blend out nicely this
product and apply just a little bit and
see how it works before I plan any more
product as you can see see how really
realistic volume effect it gives these
first of all the white underneath and
then the brown on top now we can add a
little bit of touches of red in some of
the basis of the stitches randomly no
all of them and then we done
well guys I hope really really minded
that you let this tutorial as you can
see it's very easy to do and soon is
Halloween and all these special for
Halloween tutorial is gonna be over but
remember once or twice a month I'm gonna
still uploading special effects
Halloween to to a spell a special
effects tutorials like I normally do so
happy Halloween I hope you enjoy it and
see you next one
you